This will be my tagline:

Professional and straightforward yet fun and pleasant designs.

This will be my introductory text, a paragraph(s) totalling at least 150 words that welcome user, state the goal of the portfolio website, and describe my ambitions and something positive I feel about working in web:

Welcome to my page my name is Sean Barr and I am pursuing a career in Ux Design. I am currently obtaining an associate in science degree in multimedia technologies. This portfolio site is to show my abilities and what I can do with my skills. My degree is concentrated in web design and development. I am a strong believer in more standard styled professional web pages with a dash of fun applied to them. I believe my strengths are styling and identifying and applying audencies. While also having a good idea how to apply certain aesthetics a client might want and applying them. I also have lots of experience coding and some front end development. I am also a strong believer in applying subtle accents to my work to not overbare a project with them but to bring out the entirety of my work. So I hope you enjoy my portfolio page and all the content on it.



Here is a piece description for one piece that my portfolio will show, following the format outlined on Blackboard: 
Title & Type of Site: Astonishing Antiques E-Commerce Website
Talent Showcased: Design, Front-end Development, Interactivity
Objective: Purchase and browsing antiques
Target Audience: Males and Females, adults and elderly
Highlights: 
1)Color design features both blue and gold with gold representing a refined fancy taste while the blue compliments it with younger fresh feelings.
2)Interactive pages help you navigate and get details about products and. easily adding it to your cart.
3)The page structure at full screen has 2 rows of 5 products but when shrunk down its responsive and shrinks down the columns for easy reading.
4)The logo featured was also designed by me and while being fun yet professional it could be used to bring in younger customers.
